[New] Navigate route with rerouting (#347)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Navigate route with rerouting/README.md

# Navigate route with rerouting

> Navigate between two points and dynamically recalculate an alternate route when the original route is unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate between two points and dynamically recalculate an alternate route when the original route is not followed.
```
A little clearer to me, but just a suggestion.

Author: I think we generally try to leave the sample's description the same, since it is shared between the different platforms.

Reviewer: That's a good reason to leave it as-is.
